readme.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://optimisthub.com?ref=github.com&param=moka-woocommerce">
    <img alt="Optimisthub.com" src="https://optimisthub.com/copyright/optimisthub.svg" height="120px" style="height:120px">
  </a> 
</p>

## Description

- This is a WooCommerce module developed by Optimist Hub team. 
- After the integration you will be able to use pay with Moka POS automatically.
- You can easily integrate Moka POS WooCommerce module into your e-commerce website and start receiving payment seamlessly and securely. 
- With the open source code, you can make easily make new developments on your website. 
- Moka POS WooCommerce module supports SEO tools and is 100% compatible with Google.
- You can test your website in Sandbox, one of the best test environments.
- Moka PAY WooCommerce module allows you to sell with installments on your website.
- Moka PAY WooCommerce module is 100% compatible with WooCommerce and Wordpress systems. 
- After the integration you can offer manually created orders and payment support to your customers.

## Requirements & Release Notes

Moka Pos, Moka Pay plugin;

- Minimum PHP 7.1> requirement is required.
- PHP cURL extension is required.
- Tried with MYSQL 8.0+.
- Tested with PHP versions 7.1,7.4,8.x>.
- Fully compatible with WooCommerce version 6.0+.
- Fully compatible with WordPress 5.8.2.

## How To Install

- Moka Pay WooCommerce Plugin Download ZIP file and then Install with wordpress extension installer page.

## Version 2.0

This version is developed by Optimist Hub.

### Changelog 

- Version 2.0.1 
  - Added, Moka Pay History to WC Settings Tab Area. 
- Version 2.0 Released

### Older version

This version was developed by Kahve Digital. The new version will be published by the Optimist Hub Developer team and announced here.

- Version 1.0 : https://github.com/optimisthub/moka-woocommerce/archive/refs/tags/1.0.zip

Commit message:

moka-languages and installment table issues

readme.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://optimisthub.com?ref=github.com&param=moka-woocommerce">
    <img alt="Optimisthub.com" src="https://optimisthub.com/copyright/optimisthub.svg" height="120px" style="height:120px">
  </a> 
</p>

## Description

- This is a WooCommerce module developed by Optimist Hub team. 
- After the integration you will be able to use pay with Moka POS automatically.
- You can easily integrate Moka POS WooCommerce module into your e-commerce website and start receiving payment seamlessly and securely. 
- With the open source code, you can make easily make new developments on your website. 
- Moka POS WooCommerce module supports SEO tools and is 100% compatible with Google.
- You can test your website in Sandbox, one of the best test environments.
- Moka PAY WooCommerce module allows you to sell with installments on your website.
- Moka PAY WooCommerce module is 100% compatible with WooCommerce and Wordpress systems. 
- After the integration you can offer manually created orders and payment support to your customers.

## Requirements & Release Notes

Moka Pos, Moka Pay plugin;

- Minimum PHP 7.1> requirement is required.
- PHP cURL extension is required.
- Tried with MYSQL 8.0+.
- Tested with PHP versions 7.1,7.4,8.x>.
- Fully compatible with WooCommerce version 6.0+.
- Fully compatible with WordPress 5.8.2.

## How To Install

- Moka Pay WooCommerce Plugin Download ZIP file and then Install with wordpress extension installer page.

## Version 2.0

This version is developed by Optimist Hub.

### Changelog 

- Version 2.3
  - Issue : Localization problem fixed, for default en_US.po file. 
  - Hotfix : Moka POS init for Payment Gateways with OOP.
- Version 2.0.1 
  - Added, Moka Pay History to WC Settings Tab Area. 
- Version 2.0 Released

### Older version

This version was developed by Kahve Digital. The new version will be published by the Optimist Hub Developer team and announced here.

- Version 1.0 : https://github.com/optimisthub/moka-woocommerce/archive/refs/tags/1.0.zip
